Updating SaaS and adding Cold Start content (#1040)
magento/merchdocs: src/system/saas.md

In the case of Product Recommendations, the SaaS environment contains catalog and behavioral data. You can point a Magento instance to a SaaS environment by [selecting that SaaS environment]({% link configuration/services/saas.md %}) in the Magento configuration.

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> You should use production SaaS environments only for production Magento installations to avoid data collisions. Otherwise, you risk polluting your production site with testing data causing deployment delays. For example, your products can mistakenly use staging URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use production SaaS environments only for production Magento installations to avoid data collisions. Otherwise, you risk polluting your production site with testing data causing deployment delays. For example, your production product data can mistakenly be overwritten from staging data, such as staging URLs.
```

> You should use production SaaS environments only for production Magento installations to avoid data collisions. Otherwise, you risk polluting your production site with testing data causing deployment delays. For example, your production product data can mistakenly be overwritten from staging data, such as staging URLs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should use production SaaS environments only for production Magento installations to avoid data collisions. Otherwise, you risk polluting your production site data with testing data, which will cause deployment delays. For example, your production product data could be mistakenly overwritten from staging data, such as staging URLs.
```
